add a new apptainer tutorial secton (#366)
NYU-RTS/rts-docs: docs/hpc/14_tutorial_apptainer/02_running_containers.mdx

```bash
ls /share/apps/images/
```

:::note

Torch provides container images with both `.sif` and `.sqf` extensions.

`.sif` is the standard Apptainer image format. Some Torch-provided application images use `.sqf` and may be intended to be launched through wrapper scripts such as `run-anaconda3-2024.10-1.bash`.

When available, use the wrapper script documented for that application. For general Apptainer examples in this tutorial, we use `.sif` images because they work directly with `apptainer exec`, `apptainer run`, and `apptainer shell`.

:::

For this tutorial, we will use the Ubuntu 24.04 image that is already available on the cluster.

## Running Your First Container

Apptainer images can define a default action that runs when the container starts.

To launch a container and execute its default action, use `apptainer run`:

```bash
apptainer run /share/apps/images/ubuntu-24.04.3.sif
```

Depending on how the image was built, this command may produce output, launch an application, or simply start and exit.

The important point is that with `apptainer run`, Apptainer executes the default action defined by the image creator.

> In cases we want to run a specific command, use `apptainer exec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a specific command, use `apptainer exec`.
```
more concise

## Running Specific Commands Within a Container

`apptainer exec` allows us to specify exactly what command should run inside the container.

For example:

```bash
apptainer exec /share/apps/images/ubuntu-24.04.3.sif /bin/echo "Hello World!"
```

Output:

```text
Hello World!
```

## The Difference Between `apptainer run` and `apptainer exec`

Both `apptainer run` and `apptainer exec` start a container, but they serve different purposes.

`apptainer run` executes the default action defined by the image creator. Depending on how the image was built, this may launch an application, run a script, or perform another predefined task.

`apptainer exec` allows you to specify exactly which command should run inside the container. Rather than relying on the image's default behavior, you provide the command directly.

## Opening an Interactive Shell Within a Container

> It is useful to explore a container interactively. Apptainer provides the `apptainer shell` command for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many reasons why you might want to use a container interactively.
- debugging (software, bind mounts, hardware integrations, etc.)
- testing software upgrades
- rapid Software Prototyping
- data exploration

Apptainer provides the `apptainer shell` command for this purpose.
```
thought maybe a few examples might be useful
